[COMSUP-171] Add `scheme` to config; update latest config file (#920)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/performance/cdn_as_code/edgio_config.md

<a id="example-config"></a>

## Default {{ CONFIG_FILE }} {/* default-config */}

> The following is the default {{ CONFIG_FILE }} file created by `{{ CLI_CMD(init) }}`. Contents of this file may differ if a Sites Framework is detected during initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the following {{ CONFIG_FILE }} file is created by `{{ CLI_CMD(init) }}`. The contents of this file may differ a framework supported by {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_PLATFORM }} is detected during initialization.
```
